You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and future Contributions submitted to JetBrains. Except for the license granted herein to JetBrains and recipients of software distributed by JetBrains, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions.

1. Parties.
(a) "JetBrains" means JetBrains s.r.o., having its principal place of business at Na hrebenech II 1718/10, Prague, 14700, Czech Republic.
(b) "You" (or "Your") means the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with JetBrains. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

3. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to JetBrains and to recipients of software distributed by JetBrains a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to use, copy, reproduce, prepare derivative works of, distribute, sublicense, and publicly perform and display the Contribution and such derivative works on any licensing terms, including without limitation open source licenses and binary, proprietary, or commercial licenses.

4. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to JetBrains and to recipients of software distributed by JetBrains a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, no-charge, royalty-free patent license to make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, import, and otherwise transfer your Contribution in whole or in part, alone or in combination with or included in any product, work or materials arising out of the project to which your contribution was submitted, and to sublicense these same rights to third parties through multiple levels of sublicensees or other licensing arrangements.

5. Except as set out above, You keep all right, title, and interest in your contribution. The rights that you grant to JetBrains under these terms are effective on the date you first submitted a contribution to JetBrains, even if your submission took place before the date you sign these terms.

6. You represent that:
- each of Your Contributions is Your original work and that you are legally entitled to grant the above license.
- each of Your Contributions does not to the best of your knowledge violate any third party's copyrights, trademarks, patents, or other intellectual property rights;
- Your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions.
- If You are an individual and if your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create that includes your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to JetBrains, or that your employer has executed a separate Corporate CLA with JetBrains.

7. You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

8. You agree to notify JetBrains of any facts or circumstances of which you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any respect.

9. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of Czech Republic, without reference to conflict of laws principles.
